README.md, before:

# Claude Code Starter Kit

A practical starter kit for web development with Claude Code. Get coding in seconds, not minutes.

## 🚀 Quick Install

In any project directory:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jezweb/get-started-with-claude-code/main/install.sh | sh
```

Or manually:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/jezweb/get-started-with-claude-code.git
cp -r get-started-with-claude-code/{CLAUDE.md,kickoff-prompt.md,.claude} .
rm -rf get-started-with-claude-code
```

## 📦 What You Get

- **CLAUDE.md** - Project context for Claude Code
- **kickoff-prompt.md** - Universal prompt for starting web projects
- **.claude/commands/** - Useful commands:
  - `/feature` - Add new features
  - `/debug` - Fix issues
  - `/deploy` - Prepare for production
  - `/refactor` - Improve code quality
  - And more...

## 🎯 How to Use

1. **Install** the starter kit in your project
2. **Edit** CLAUDE.md to match your tech stack
3. **Run** `claude-code`
4. **Use** kickoff-prompt.md or type `/kickoff` to start

## 🛠️ Works Great For

- Landing pages
- Web applications  
- APIs and services
- Full-stack projects
- Static sites
- Prototypes

## 📝 Example Usage

After installing, start Claude Code and try:

```
I want to build a dashboard for tracking expenses with charts and category breakdown.
```

Or use the kickoff prompt for a structured approach.

## 🎨 Customization

Edit `CLAUDE.md` to set your preferences:
- Preferred framework (React, Vue, etc.)
- Code style guidelines
- Project structure
- Common commands

## 🤝 Contributing

PRs welcome! Keep it simple and practical.

## 📄 License

MIT - Use freely in your projects.

---

**Ready to code?** Run the install command above and start building! 🚀

Commit message:

Add MVP-from-plan prompt for existing PRDs
- Created mvp-from-plan.md for building from existing plans/PRDs
- Comprehensive prompt with TDD/BDD approach
- Added /mvp command for quick access
- Updated README and install script
- Cross-referenced in kickoff-prompt.md

README.md, after:

# Claude Code Starter Kit

A practical starter kit for web development with Claude Code. Get coding in seconds, not minutes.

## 🚀 Quick Install

In any project directory:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jezweb/get-started-with-claude-code/main/install.sh | sh
```

Or manually:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/jezweb/get-started-with-claude-code.git
cp -r get-started-with-claude-code/{CLAUDE.md,kickoff-prompt.md,mvp-from-plan.md,.claude} .
rm -rf get-started-with-claude-code
```

## 📦 What You Get

- **CLAUDE.md** - Project context for Claude Code
- **kickoff-prompt.md** - Universal prompt for starting web projects
- **mvp-from-plan.md** - Build MVP from existing PRD/plan
- **.claude/commands/** - Useful commands:
  - `/feature` - Add new features
  - `/debug` - Fix issues
  - `/deploy` - Prepare for production
  - `/refactor` - Improve code quality
  - `/mvp` - Build from existing plan
  - And more...

## 🎯 How to Use

1. **Install** the starter kit in your project
2. **Edit** CLAUDE.md to match your tech stack
3. **Run** `claude-code`
4. **Choose** your starting approach:
   - **New idea?** Use `kickoff-prompt.md` or `/kickoff`
   - **Have a plan?** Use `mvp-from-plan.md` or `/mvp`

## 🛠️ Works Great For

- Landing pages
- Web applications  
- APIs and services
- Full-stack projects
- Static sites
- Prototypes

## 📝 Example Usage

After installing, start Claude Code and try:

```
I want to build a dashboard for tracking expenses with charts and category breakdown.
```

Or use the kickoff prompt for a structured approach.

## 🎨 Customization

Edit `CLAUDE.md` to set your preferences:
- Preferred framework (React, Vue, etc.)
- Code style guidelines
- Project structure
- Common commands

## 🤝 Contributing

PRs welcome! Keep it simple and practical.

## 📄 License

MIT - Use freely in your projects.

---

**Ready to code?** Run the install command above and start building! 🚀
